Update docs for errors (#3618)
tarantool/doc: doc/reference/reference_lua/box_error.rst

You can also raise the error using :ref:`error_object:raise() <box_error-raise>`.

The example below shows how to create and raise the error with the specified code and reason.

..  literalinclude:: /code_snippets/test/errors/raise_new_error_table_test.lua
    :language: lua
    :start-after: snippet_start
    :end-before: snippet_end
    :dedent:

``box.error.new()`` provides different overloads for creating an error object with different parameters.
These overloads are similar to the ``box.error()`` overloads described in the :ref:`next section <box_error_raise_error>`.

.. _box_error_raise_error:

Raising an error
----------------

To raise an error, call the :ref:`box.error() <box_error-error>` function.
This function can accept the specified error parameters or an error object :ref:`created using box.error.new() <box_error_create_error>`.
In both cases, you can use ``box.error()`` to raise the following error types:

*  A custom error with the specified reason, code, and type.
*  A predefined Tarantool error.

.. _box_error_raise_custom_error:

Custom error
~~~~~~~~~~~~

The following ``box.error()`` overloads are available for raising a custom error:

> *  :ref:`box.error({ reason = string[, code = number, type = string] }) <box_error-error-table>` accepts a Lua table that enables you to specify the error reason, code, and type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  :ref:`box.error({ reason = string[, code = number, type = string] }) <box_error-error-table>` accepts a Lua table containing the error reason, code, and type.
```

"table enables you to specify" sounds wordy and vague.

*  :ref:`box.error(type, reason[, args]) <box_error-error-array>` accepts the error type, its reason, and optional arguments passed to a reason's string.

.. NOTE::

    The same overloads are available for :ref:`box.error.new() <box_error-new>`.

.. _box_error_raise_custom_table_error:

box.error({ reason = string[, ...] })
*************************************

In the example below, ``box.error()`` accepts a Lua table with the specified error code and reason:

..  literalinclude:: /code_snippets/test/errors/raise_error_table_test.lua
    :language: lua
    :start-after: snippet_start
    :end-before: snippet_end
    :dedent:

The next example shows how to specify a custom error type:

..  literalinclude:: /code_snippets/test/errors/raise_error_table_custom_type_test.lua
    :language: lua
    :start-after: snippet_start
    :end-before: snippet_end
    :dedent:

When a custom type is specified, it is returned in the :ref:`error_object.type <box_error-type>` attribute.
When it is not specified, ``error_object.type`` returns one of the built-in errors, such as

> ``ClientError`` or ``OurOfMemory``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``ClientError`` or ``OutOfMemory``.
```

.. _box_error_raise_custom_array_error:

box.error(type, reason[, ...])
******************************

> This example shows how to raise an error with the specified type and reason:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to raise an error with the type and reason specified
in the ``box.error()`` arguments:
```

To highlight the difference with error parameters in a table.
